chore(docs): adding FAQ for changing column data type (#1070)
questdb/questdb.io: docs/troubleshooting/faq.md

InfluxDB line protocol (ILP) does not commit data on single lines or when the
sender disconnects, but instead uses a number of rules to break incoming data
into commit batches. This results in data not being visible in `SELECT` queries
immediately after being received. Refer to our
[guide to commit lag](/docs/guides/out-of-order-commit-lag) to understand the
concept and
[InfluxDB line protocol reference](/docs/reference/api/ilp/tcp-receiver#commit-strategy)
to understand these rules.

## How do I delete a row?

See our guide on [modifying data](/docs/guides/modifying-data).

> ## How do I change the data type of a column?

Reviewer: nit: I'd narrow down the question to a particular use case to help users understand it better:
```suggestion
## How do I convert a STRING column to a SYMBOL or vice versa?
```

Author: Are we only dealing with these two type? How about integer and other types?

Reviewer: No, but this use case is the most frequent one. If we keep the title as is, it would be nice to describe this use case below, as well as changing the symbol capacity one.

> The SQL `UPDATE` keyword can be used to change the data type of a column.

Reviewer: nit: we should also mention that the same approach may be used to increase capacity of a SYMBOL column if it was previously undersized.

1. Add a new column to the table and define the desired data type.

> 1. Stop data ingestion and increase

Reviewer: We should suggest some value for `query.timeout.sec` and also explain why the user should change it. Also, it might be a good idea to remind the user that the database has to be restarted to put the changed setting in force.

Author: The default is 60 secs and I guess depending on the size of the column this should be increased? What would be a reasonable setting? 
Also do we recommend them to change the setting back after the restart?

Reviewer: Yes, we should recommend setting it to a very high value, say, an hour (UPDATE may take a while to get done) and revert it afterwards. The default value serves as a protection from running super heavy (and super slow) queries on the server and, hence, leading to starvation of pretty much every other tasks.

   [SQL query timeout](/docs/reference/configuration/#cairo-engine/),
   `query.timeout.sec`.
1. Use `UPDATE` to copy the existing column content to the new column. Now, the
   column has the correct content with the new data type.
1. Delete the old column.
1. Rename the new column accordingly.

For example, to change `old_col` from `STRING` to `SYMBOL` for table `x`:

```questdb-sql

> 

Reviewer: nit: redundant newline here and below.

> ALTER TABLE x ADD COLUMN new_col SYMBOL;

Reviewer: nit: shall we use `my_table` instead of `x` as the table name?

InfluxDB line protocol (ILP) does not commit data on single lines or when the
sender disconnects, but instead uses a number of rules to break incoming data
into commit batches. This results in data not being visible in `SELECT` queries
immediately after being received. Refer to our
[guide to commit lag](/docs/guides/out-of-order-commit-lag) to understand the
concept and
[InfluxDB line protocol reference](/docs/reference/api/ilp/tcp-receiver#commit-strategy)
to understand these rules.

## How do I delete a row?

See our guide on [modifying data](/docs/guides/modifying-data).

## How do I convert a `STRING` column to a `SYMBOL` or vice versa?

The SQL `UPDATE` keyword can be used to change the data type of a column. The
same approach can also be used to increase the

> [capacity of a `SYMBOL` column](/docs/concept/symbol/#symbol-columns/) that is

Author: It works in the preview and trailing slash helps with SEO. I will remove the first slash perhaps.

> [capacity of a `SYMBOL` column](/docs/concept/symbol/#symbol-columns/) that is

Reviewer: No, the anchor doesn't work in the preview: it should navigate to the `Usage of symbols` section, but it doesn't. That's because the anchor shouldn't end with a slash, i.e. it should be `#symbol-columns` instead of `#symbol-columns/`.

undersized.

The steps are as follows:

1. Add a new column to the table and define the desired data type.
1. Stop data ingestion and increase
   [SQL query timeout](/docs/reference/configuration/#cairo-engine/),
   `query.timeout.sec`, as `UPDATE` may take a while to complete. Depending on
   the size of the column, we recommend to increase the value significantly: the
   default is 60 seconds and it may be reasonable to increase it to one hour.
   Restart the instance after changing the configuration, to activate the
   change.
1. Use `UPDATE` to copy the existing column content to the new column. Now, the
   column has the correct content with the new data type.
1. Delete the old column.
1. Rename the new column accordingly.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Set the `query.timeout.sec` setting to the original value and start data ingestion.

```

For example, to change `old_col` from `STRING` to `SYMBOL` for table `my_table`:

```questdb-sql
ALTER TABLE my_table ADD COLUMN new_col SYMBOL;

> -- increase `query.timeout.sec` and restart QuestDB.

Reviewer: nit: I'd remove the comments since we have the same content in the above instruction. WDYT?
